hi i'm michelle quran with dishes by
michelle in los angeles california as a
busy mom a professional chef and unknown
ER of my own catering company i'm
constantly trying to think of new and
exciting ways that i can experiment in
the kitchen to prepare healthy and
delicious foods for my family so if your
mom to pay close attention to this video
on how to disguise healthy foods for
your kids so today we're going to be
making what I like to call disguised
lasagna and the reason why I call it
that is because I have a son that
absolutely refuses to eat any sort of
vegetables and I'm constantly bartering
with him to say please eat this much for
mommy and I lose in the end but he truly
loses in the end because he's not
getting the healthy nutritious delicious
vegetables that he really needs so he
came up with this idea for this disguise
lasagna where each step of the way from
the noodles to the meat that you use to
the sauce there is something healthy
nutritious and delicious disguised in
each step our first step is we're gonna
make our sauce and this is my disguise
sauce and since you've got a disguise
you've got to have a secret weapon so
here it is this is my secret weapon a
grater and all I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
take an add into my tomato puree that I
have some celery some carrots some
zucchini some beets and some onion we're
just gonna finely rape that on into your
sauce and they're never gonna notice so
we have our disguised sauce all going
and our next step is we're gonna cook
our noodles well these aren't just any
old noodles the noodles that I have also
have another element of having something
healthy to them and that's spinach
spinach lasagna noodles now these ones I
got from my local supermarket and
they're actually fresh prepared noodles
these only take three minutes to cook
which is fantastic because as a busy mom
again want to be in and out of the
kitchen but keep it healthy for the kids
so my noodles are back they're draining
right now and the next step that we're
gonna do is we're gonna go ahead and
ground our meat and I'm using ground
turkey meat instead of beef all right so
we've got just one more step before we
are ready to start assembling this
delicious deceptive delays Anya we're
gonna add some fresh spinach some fresh
Italian leaf parsley and some fresh
basil that we're going to go ahead and
just
give a little quick chop - and add into
our ricotta cheese which is gonna go
right in there and melt along with it so
we have that all well combined in there
so now all that's left to do is assemble
and I realize there have been a lot of
steps in order to make this but you know
what as far as I think with my kids
there can never be too many steps into
keeping your kids healthy so we put the
sauce on there and then we're gonna go
ahead and just start adding noodles our
next thing we're gonna do is we're gonna
take our ricotta cheese and we're just
gonna put half of the amount on here I'm
gonna take some mozzarella cheese
that's sliced and add a couple slices
just in the middle there and we just
move on to the next layer and just keep
putting your noodles and now we're gonna
add a little bit of our sauce and you
don't want to put too too much but just
a nice even amount and then we're gonna
take our turkey meat and then we're just
gonna keep layering and we're gonna do
it all over again so I have my lasagna
all assembled and you're gonna put this
covered in the oven on 350 degrees for
45 minutes the last five minutes you're
gonna remove the aluminum foil and
you're gonna let it cook in there's that
the edges get all golden and crispy and
yummy as my son likes to say he's always
fighting for the corner piece that's his
favorite one and when he comes home from
school today the verdict will be out on
whether or not he'll notice how many
vegetables are truly in this deceptively
delicious lasagna so let's pop this in
the oven so it's the moment of truth
I've already plated his lasagna and what
do you think I'm Michelle Kareem with
dishes bye Michelle thanks so much for
watching my video on how to disguise
healthy food yes you can eat more of it